docs: add Prerequisites block to memory guide (#1665)
amd/gaia: docs/guides/memory.mdx

GAIA Agent Memory is a persistent knowledge system that gives your agent a **second brain**. It remembers facts, preferences, errors, and workflows across sessions -- so every conversation picks up where the last one left off. All data stays local on your machine in a single SQLite file.

<Info>
  **First time here?** Complete the [Quickstart (For Developers)](/quickstart#for-developers)
  or [Manual Install](/quickstart#manual-install) guide first, then come back to enable memory.
</Info>

## Prerequisites

Before using Agent Memory, make sure you have the following in place:

- **Install path:** Developer install — clone the repo and install from source:

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/amd/gaia.git
  cd gaia
  uv venv .venv --python 3.12
  source .venv/bin/activate        # Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate
  uv pip install -e ".[dev,rag]"
  ```

> - **Extras required:** `[rag]` — needed for memory and document Q&A features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Extras required:** `[dev,rag]` — `[rag]` provides the FAISS index used for memory recall; `[dev]` adds the developer toolchain
```
